Watch your back, but more importantly when you get out the shower, dry your back. Its a cold world out there.
The other day the grass was brown, now its green cuz I ain't give up. Never surrender.
The key is to enjoy life, because they don't want you to enjoy life.
They'll try to close the door on you... Just open it.
When you stop making excuses and you work hard and go hard you will be very successful.
Almond milk + cinnamon crunch = major key to success.
In life everyone has a choice. The key is: make a right choice.
To succeed, you must believe. When you believe, you will succeed.
If you think of something negative and you keep it in your head, you are going to actually live that. Now, if you think of something great and positive and joyful, you're going to actually live that. You've got to be careful what you put in your head. Basically, I'll call that: "Don't ever play yourself."
The key is to be honest. Be honest, but don't play yourself.
Bless up. Don't play yourself.
You do know it cost money to put a t-shirt on your back? You do know it cost money have a house? You do know it cost money to eat? Get money, don't let these people fool you.
They never said winning was easy.
Stay positive but stay focused. Sometimes things can distract you and you don't want to be distracted on the journey to that mountain top.
One of my keys to success is a lot of pillows. I feel like a lot of pillows is important to relax each piece of your body.
God is the greatest. So at the end of the day and beginning of the day, I thank God.
Don't fall for the trap. Stay focused. It's about staying focused but at the same time God is the greatest, pray it up.
The key to more success is coco butter.
We have to get money. We have no choice. It cost money to eat.
Key to more success is a clean heart and a clean face.
Working all winter shining all summer
Some of the guys when they play, they try to keep it reality. Nah, I need the best everything.
I know that I've been put on this Earth to make people happy, to inspire people, and to uplift people. That's a beautiful thing.
I'm going to be honest, I would love for Flava Flav to be president. It would bring a lot of excitement to the country.
The key to success is to keep your head above the water.
Its so real out here right now, the only reason why you see anything is cuz I got the flash on.
I'm one of them guys that tries to make everything the best of the best, so sometimes I'm out of control with it. I'm just gonna use every feature to make me outrageous - the best.
There will be roadblocks but we will overcome them.
Each team always has that one power player, even Carmelo. Those are the guys who would represent the logo.
It's simple: Give thanks and use Dove.
The minute I leave my house - that is where I feel safe - I'm immediately in the jungle. The key is to survive through the cold world.
The minute we think we went hard, go harder. We gotta work.
They don't want you to jet ski, they don't want you to smile.
I've know Jeezy before he was Jeezy. I've been down with Cash Money from back in the day. So these are real relationships. I'm there for them and they're there for me. And they know if I'm going to make a record with somebody, I'm gonna hit a home run.
I can deal with everything. I got the answer for anything.
I'm coming to the artist with a smash. I'm like, "Yo this is a smash. We've got to go in."
Sometimes I'm in the studio, sometimes I'm not. It's about delivering the music to the artist, but it's also about the inspiration.
Have faith in God. Stay focused.
When you success you have to be very smart and be extra focused and protect your surroundings.
Give thanks to the most high.
Every album I make big records. I'm going to always make an anthem. That's what I do.
They don't want you to wear the Saint Lauren fur, they don't want you to break App Store, they don't want you to be the biggest boss in the game. So what we go'n do is we go'n win more.
Also, of course, I need my Dove soap. Of course I need my cocoa butter. I need my Listerine. I need the white Jockey tees. They are really soft and comfortable.
They don't want you to win.
Always have Faith. Always have Hope.
All my singles went platinum-plus.All my records and videos were groundbreaking.
So important to keep the pathway of success clean.
The key is: never fold.
The message I'm trying to say is that I'm tough because of life experience.
I will lose twenty pounds like... I can lose ten... I have. I can lose ten in a week and a few days.
They dont want you to exercise.
I didn't make the same song twice, but I definitely made the sequel to it, because everyone would come up to me in the streets saying, "Yo Khaled, make another 'I'm So Hood.' We love that record so much.
Love is the key. Giving your children joy and happiness...when you give it to them, you will receive it as well.
When you have life, you can weather any storm. You're breathing. You have life.
The reason why I praise the lion is because the lion is the king of the jungle.
I used to breakdance, be a b-boy. I love hip-hop from back in the graffiti days, growing up listening to Michael Jackson. Loved it from birth. I know it all, from Afrika Bambaataa, the roots and the beginning. I came up in a good era.
The key to success is to stay clean at all times.
I know there are certain things that I just can't win.
My fans expect me to be great and keep being great.
I didn't want to be an artist in the same place I worked. You could always have people that might feel like you would do something more for yourself.
Embrace life. You have life. There's a lot things going on out there.
You can't write nothing that ain't real.
Those that weather the storm are the great ones.
It's hard to explain. It's a love that I never knew existed until I had my first son. Basically what I'm saying is it's the most beautiful thing in the world. It's the biggest blessing I ever had in my life.
Feeling good, the workout, building your muscles, let your blood flow right and eating the right type of food. That's what I care about.
It's a real message. Snapchat has put an antenna [on me] and the whole world has got to see me. You either like it or you don't. I've been blessed with people that like it. Again, I'm just being me. The key is to always be you. That's the key.
When I do overcome my fear - what's going to happen is that I'm going to want a plane.
I just didn't wanna put the pressure on myself to be in there [Def Jam South] to work as an artist and to have the hat as the executive with other projects.
Some people out there don't have life.
I have a shield. It's the most amazing shield ever. I don't see them. I don't feel them. If anything, "Hey come over, let me touch you so I can heal you." You get what I'm saying?
That's what I represent: love.
I think the key is - other icons told me this - you don't have to chase the money. The money is going to chase you. That's part of success. That's part of the blessings.
I'm sure we could all relate because we've all got life. Some people ain't got it
The message is every genre, every person, is the real message. Some people just say it in different ways. What I learned today is that not only do I respect you and always have, but I'm also so inspired. I'm so motivated. I really appreciate it.
God has blessed me to see the luxury side of things.
Mind my own business.
We have life. That's what's beautiful.
One of my favorite songs is by Mavado. The song is called "Progress." It's something that I work out to every day. Progress is definitely the answer.
I love all types of music myself.
That's beautiful that you want to expand your music and do different things. Music is so beautiful and powerful.
Once you start losing reality, when you start losing reality with yourself, sometimes people just get dizzy.
I'm not ashamed to say I fear something. Besides me having a fear to fly, I also don't want to scare other people. When I'm on a plane, I don't want to freak out everyone else, too.
